to the Middle East now and as the war in
Gaza grinds on there are growing fears
that another wider War May erupt with
devastating consequences for the region
and Beyond Israel and the Lebanese armed
group Hezbollah have been trading fire
across their shared border for the past
9 months since the current conflict
began 466 people have been killed in
Lebanon most of them fighters in Israel
the death toll is 21 soldiers and 12
civilians as senior International
correspondent all agar now reports from
Southern
Lebanon they are here to keep the peace
but there's less and less of
that we join un peacekeepers patrolling
Hezbollah Heartland already a
Battleground we're heading for the blue
line lebanon's on official border with
Israel if all out War comes here it
could set the whole Middle East a
light so where are we talking so uh or
you here in the outskirts of the village
called Yun Tom Fox leads the Irish
contingent overall it has been tense and
unpredictable for the period of time we
have been here the farmers in the field
are no longer crops have been destroyed
uh as a result of bushfires uh resulting
from the the exchange of the fire how
far are we now from the blue line from
where you're currently standing you're
approximately 4 to 500 M from the blue
line and I presume the Israelis are
watching us now everyone's watching
people in this sector of the
world and hezbollah's Arsenal is
eye-catching as flaunted in this
propaganda
video the Iranian backed Fighters have
more arms than many countries including
missiles that can strike all over
Israel and Israel has been striking back
most of the Dead are Fighters Sally siki
was
not the 25-year-old was a volunteer
paramedic killed in her own doorway she
was Hussein's only
daughter could you tell me about Sally
tell me about
her
oh St yeah it's a strike relatives go to
check what's been
hit no do you hear this a lot
yes every day many times every day this
time no air strike just Israeli
warplanes breaking the sound barrier a
weapon of
fear but death often comes from the
sky here full military honors in Beirut
for a senior Hezbollah Commander killed
in an Israeli air
strike so far this is a limited conflict
but if it escalates it could draw in
other Iranian backed militant groups in
Iraq and Yemen and embroiled the
US this is a show of grief and of anger
but it's also a show of strength for
months now Hezbollah has been burying
Fighters but it has many more to take
their place and if there is an allout
war with Israel Hezbollah will be a far
more formidable enemy than
Hamas if there's a ceasefire in Gaza
hasb says it will also cease
fire its message we don't want all out
War but if it comes we will fight to the
death Oran BBC News Lebanon